Program5

the program should: ask the user for some multi-word term, like "central processing unit", and print the acronym for that term (in this case, "CPU").
use multiple methods.
split the changes across multiple commits, at least two: right after you run dotnet new, and at the end once the program is done.

HR meeting
hr@revature.com

ooo (out of office)
Cameron - housing
uta@revature.com

handbook coming via docusign
do we need an new account if account with previous employer? No

ADP forms section with show benefits menu where you can meke your elections


attendance:
manager is trainer
(approves timecard)

next payroll day is March 13th
(feb 29 thru march 13)

certifications can be reimbursed when passed. 
reimbursement request can be done through the employee portal.
payback processed on tuesday

signed up on adp.com: staceyloulouse
b0rn@ga1N


//command to move 
$ mv ../Day5Exercise .

Meeting with Chris Bermudez
About the contract
Trial period ends wednesday
unisys 
capital one 
geico
accenture
infosys
.
.
.

Offer day 3/4/2020
maybe selected for project or permanent position
within the united states
up to 500 dollar advance and travel pay

Content review
dev tools: what do you use vs code for?
how do you use the temminal with vscode
use of the editor
set up git
bash
vs code - use auto complete with intellisense
git is the version control system

week 5 we will do html in vscode
team environment during P2
commands clone, pull, status, addthe command used before you commit saves the changes permanently), commit, push
bash is a command line environment that allows us to be in a particular working directory
pwd is the present working directory relative and absolute paths

.NET is a platform that can compile and run c# code
.NET Core SDK is the software development Kit for c#
.NET versions: .NET framework (old and windows only), .NET Core (new and cross-platform)
dontnet new 
dotnet run


variables use camelCase, everything else is PascalCase
variables have a scope (no global variables)
value types get copied when passed to a function - int, double, bool
reference types get the location of the data - strings, arrays (void is a method return type)

alt-shift-f
control slash
shift tab -indent and un-indent

strings - Length, [0] (indexing), +
Contains, IndexOf, Split, ToUpper, ToLower

arrays - new int[size], new  int[], and {1,2,3,4}

QC may involve how you would solve a problem

